# RobotStrike
All the media you need to stage your own Robot Strike! with Starship food delivery agents.
On December 2, 2021 LabSynthE organized a Robot Strike with fourteen Tobors (that's r-o-b-o-t backwards), UTD's personified delivery vehicles. We sprayed the ground with chalked slogans; then about 22 lab members and students from ATCM 4330 Culture Jamming (Fall 2021) ordered from Starship in staggered times. We figured out a way to keep the well organized fleet in strike position.* And, just for fun, we had all of them play “All I Want for Christmas is You” (Mariah Carey version), so there was a bit of noise, and subsequent laughing and dancing. Watch the video to learn why we staged a strike. It was the most perfect ending to my culture jamming class ever and a highly successful first launch of the Robot Strike! project, developed in LabSynthE with Murilo Paiva-Homsi and David Adelman.
Use this repository for stencil templates (modify and/or contribute new ones here) and notes about strikes you create on your campus.
*At the time of our first strike, to keep the Starship fleet in strike position we ordered an item; when the robot arrived we left it closed for about five minutes as part of the performance; then we opened the agent and took our food items but we DID NOT CLOSE the robot; instead of closing the robot, close the Starship app on your mobile device; reopen the app and the robot thinks you are opening it for the first time so the song (if you selected a song) plays again...continue this pattern of closing the app and reopening the robot for as long as you want the robot to sit in its strike position
